New Salary Notification Example

Hello, you have an important email from the Human Resources Department in regard to your December 2015 Paycheck.
This email is enclosed in the Marquette University secure network, hence access it below .
Access the document here ***Ensure your login credentials are correct to avoid cancellations**
Faithfully,
Human Resources University of California, Berkeley




Irregular Account Activity Detected Example

Security Notice! Dear Mr/Mrs, our security system has detected some irregular activity connected
to your account. You will be unable to send and receive emails until this issue has been resolved.To prevent further
irregular activity we will restrict access to your account within 72 hours if you did not validate your account.
*Note:* Mail Administrator will always keep you posted of security updates.
Mail Admin




Work After Classes Offer Example

A vulnerability has been identified in the Apple Facetime mobile applications that allow an attacker to record
calls, videos and login credentials from your mobile device without your knowledge. We have created a website for all citizens to
verity if their videos have been made public. To perform the verification, please use the following link Immediately: X.
This website will be available for 72 hours,
National Security Department




COVID-19 Information

Dear students, Berkeley University Of California health professionals have been closely monitoring
the spread of COVID-19 over the past two months. Therefore, based on our calculations, the university is organizing an online part-time job
to sustain the students' living. I'm happy to inform you that our reputable company CORESTAFF SERVICES Inc®,
is currently running a public student empowerment program. In order for you to apply, you need to update your healthcare info by
clicking in the attached link. Please read the sent files from Human Resources. KINDLY EMAIL BACK WITH YOUR PERSONAL
EMAIL ADDRESS IF INTERESTED IN THIS JOB POSITION.
Kind Regards,
X HR Manager/Consultant CORESTAFF SERVICES Inc®.